[Music]
this is Galaga for the Atari 7800 and
this is another classic arcade title
that's made a really nice transition to
the Atari 7800 and this is a great
version of this game in fact I know
Galaga has recently made it to the Xbox
360 and Xbox Live and I actually prefer
the Atari 7800 version I think the speed
of the game is it just a bit slower and
that makes the games last longer and I
think that makes them a bit more
challenging and a bit more fun every now
and then one of the aliens comes down
with a tractor beam and you can let them
capture your spaceship and then you
shoot it you shoot them and then you get
your spaceship back and then you have a
double spaceship which you can really
wreak havoc upon the enemy fleet with
two laser blasts is as we all know much
better than just one laser blast then
you get to the challenge stages where
they throw a wave after wave at you if
you can shoot all of the enemies in the
challenge stage you are rewarded with a
very high bonus and this is much easier
to do if you have two spaceships instead
of just one
and the music in this game is just
awesome this is up there with the
pac-man theme or Spy Hunter and this is
just classic arcade music here as the
game progresses the alien formations
come down at you a lot faster they shoot
at you more and the game gets much more
difficult and and if you happen to lose
one of your dual spaceships you are left
then with a single spaceship to to fight
wave after wave of enemy with and that
makes it really hard I don't know what
it is about shooting aliens but it never
gets boring and this game is worth
picking up the Atari 7800 game system
core just so you have Galaga that's how
good this is
[Music]